#LyX 1.6.5 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{fullpage}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Notes on the 10m Frequency Reference Cavity
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Background
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The goal of the 10m interferometer is to be limited by photon quantum noise
 (radiation pressure and shot noise) across a wide bandwidth.
 To eaccomplish this, classical noises must be pushed beneath the level
 of the quantum noise.
 One such noise source is laser frequency noise.
 In a single Fabry-Perot cavity, laser frequency noise is indistinguishable
 from cavity length fluctuations.
 A Michelson topology is therefore used to provide a high degree of common
 mode noise rejection.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To reduce laser frequency noise to an acceptable level, the laser frequency
 will be locked to a Fabry-Perot cavity, the frequency reference cavity.
 The required level of residual frequency noise sets a limit on the displacement
 noise of this cavity, which, in turn, sets requirements on the degree of
 mechanical isolation needed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Core optics
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To avoid radiation pressure noises, the frequency reference cavity will
 use higher-mass mirrors than the sub-SQL interferometer, and lower power.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Mechanical isolation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Isolation tables
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Suspensions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Fu is designing the suspensions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Length sensing and control
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The cavity will be reflection-locked using the usual PDH scheme.
 A Wenzel oscillator provides an 8 MHz drive.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It is not yet decided whether the sub-SQL interferometer will use the same
 8 MHz sideband frequency.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Angular sensing and control
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Angular sensing will be provided by two RF wavefront sensors and one spot-positi
on QPD.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
